This is a short updated video about the new Udemy
interface where I'll cover some things that might not be immediately obvious.
First thing to tell you about
is the review system because you should be getting a prompt to leave a review for the course very soon.
And the way that the review system works,
as you can see here, is the courses which get an average rating of less than 4.1 can actually
be removed from the system.
So, the way the review system does work is that a 5 is a pass, and a 4 is a fail.
It's kind of crazy.
Now, obviously, I'm not going to tell you what review score you leave for me.
Please leave whatever you think is fair,
but do realize that I really do care about getting you through the CCNA and making this course
as high quality as possible.
If you do have any issues with the course, then please send me a private message to let me know, and I
promise I'll do my best to fix that for you.
Okay,
moving on to the actual interface. So, you can see that when you go into the course, you'll land on the
Overview tab here by default. Over on the right hand side, you can scroll through all the contents of
the course it's laid out by section, and this checkmark here says that the video has been completed.
So when you've finished the course, to get your certificate make sure that you do have a checkbox and all of
these to show that you have completed the course.
Other things to show you in here,
when you play the video, an important thing is on the settings button here, if the video appears blurry,
it's not a problem with the video.
It's actually a problem with the network connection on your site, and what's happening is Udemy is down
speeding the video because of your network problem.
What you can do to fix it is come in here and set a fixed resolution here.
So, sometimes even if there's not actually a problem on your side of the network, that issue can occur.
Easy way to fix it, if you do see the video was blurry,
just come in here and set a fixed resolution, and that should fix it for you.
Another thing in here is over on the left here,
you can set the playback speed. So if you want to play the videos a bit faster, you could put it to
1.25 or 1.5 is a good suggestion here.
If you find my Scottish accent a little fast, you can also set it to slower here as well.
Another useful button is if you missed something that I just said, you can click the button here to
rewind slightly in the video.
Last thing to tell you about in here that's not so obvious and important is there's also a volume
control.
So the videos are recorded at a high volume anyway, but if you're finding my voice a bit quiet
don't just turn up the volume in your laptop controls. Come in here and make sure it's set to the maximum here
as well.
Obviously, down here, you can use this button to set the video to full screen, or you can set it to theater mode
here as well,
similar to what you have in YouTube.
Last thing to tell you about is the Q&A tab. So, you can click on there, and it'll show you questions
from other students about that particular video.
So if you do have a question about anything in the course, but something obvious, then obviously, you just
Google it yourself first because you'll get an answer immediately that way.
But if not, then leave me a question here,
and typically, I answer questions within 24 hours.
Okay, that's everything that I needed to tell you here.
See you in the next video.